#recap
After absolutely destroying the cultist with our new friend Thom, we came up with a plan to lure a few other cultists over to where we were so we could jump them, kill them, and steal their cultist robes. That way we can just walk right into the hideout without drawing suspicion towards ourselves. In order to cover all of us, we needed to get 3 more cultists robes. After having Echo put on the robes of the priest that we had previously killed, he was able to convince a few acolytes to follow him for some important business. As the cultists were lured into the room, we were able to thoroughly surprise them and easily took out all three of them. With our new disguises, we made our way to the front door of the cultist hideout just down the hall. Luckily, even though recently slaughtered cultists made quite a lot of noise, none of the other cultists seemed to have noticed and let us in without question. While we explored the hideout in search of the book for Frederick, we stumbled upon a priest that killed an acolyte right in front of us for trying to turn their back on the cult, a room called the "room of horrors" that we were unable to go into, and finally a room full of cult members seemingly in the middle of prayer. After a couple of seconds one of the cultists did something to one of the doors to make it unopenable anymore, and then all of the cult members fled. After going through an alternate path we were able to get into the locked room. As we approached the room, we noticed what appeared to be the remnants of a rampaging monster, torn off doors and scratch marks were all over the place. Because of this, we sent Echo in by himself to try to sneak his way into the treasure trove that the cultists were hiding. Echo was able to get to the door, but upon turning around to notify everyone else that the path was clear, he noticed a black, gooey, disgusting monster I a calling a "Growth". Echo remained unseen and quickly picked the lock into the treasure room where he was able to safely secure the book. However, on his way out, he made a bit too much noise and alerted the monster of his presence, initiating combat. During the combat, Pomni Man was badly hurt and Echo almost died (literally went from 1 hp to -20, his total hp being 21, 1 hp away from full death), but we were able to kill the Growth. Perhaps the Growth was some sort of experiment gone wrong that the cultists were conducting? Or perhaps it was sent by the cultists evil god? Either way, we were finally able to rest, grab some more treasure, and make our way to reunite with our party members Gigget and Lily. Even though we were planning on turning on Thom and not paying him, it worked out for all of us as we were able to just split the reward we got from the cultists treasure.