#recap 
After our resting up for a bit, we continued our way further into the mines. With Echo sneaking up and peeking into the next room, he saw a group of goblins and wolves feasting on a TON of cute and adorable little insects. Echo then snuck into the room and made his way towards the next door. Echo was able to easily spot a trap on the door, disarm it, and pick the lock super quietly. After letting the Pomni Man and I know that the way forward was open, we succesfully snuck past the goblins and wolves and made our way into the next chamber. This chamber appeared to be some sort of bedroom, there was a bed, a mirror, and a nightstand, but upon the bed was a skeleton. It looks like whoever lived here was long dead. After investigating the room, we discovered that the mirror was actually a magic mirror, with some sort of entity that was able to be spoken to. After speaking to the mirror and convincing it that we were friends of the previous tenant, we learned the location of where the book we were searching for was located. Following the instructions of the mirror, we exited towards the east where we came across a dead end. Upon further investigating the hallway, we discovered a hidden recess in the wall that housed a journal. The journal was written by the skeleton on the bed, and talked about it being impossible for others to find his hidden treasure, and that if they somehow found his mirror, they wouldn't be able to gain anything from it because of the mirrors trickery and deceit. Turns out the mirror is a big fat liar that was made to never tell the truth. After some further questioning of the mirror we were able to get information on where the treasure really was by telling it to just put 'not' before the direction. What amazing security. We then took the mirror off the wall (I don't remember why) and carried it with us back to the entrance of the cave, since we apparently took a wrong turn at the first possible choice. After succesfully sneaking past the insect room and the ogre room once again, we were safely outside. We decided to give the mirror to the riddle guy, and they became fast friends. Probably. We then set up camp to go back to exploring the mines in the morning. After entering the mines and sneaking passed the ogres for the third time, boy these guys are blind apparently, we made our way into a brand new room. In this room was one of the most disgusting and hideous creatures to ever live, a gelatinous cube. The cube was able to start consuming Pomni Man and attempting to eat Echo as well, but with some dexterous movements, he was able to avoid such an awful fate. After getting Pomni Man out of the cube we were finally able to destroy that monstrosity. The next room appeared to be a library, a dead end. After looking at the room for 1 second, I was able to realize there was a puzzle to be solved in order to open up a path to the next room. After another 2 seconds, the puzzle was solved by my quick and incredibly huge brain, granting us access further into the mines. After some more stealthy exploration we came across a room with what looked to be a bandit and a man in robes. After listening in on their conversation we discovered that the robed man was actually part of a cult that worships the god Alistair, an evil and powerful god, the god of fear. After a short while the cultist left leaving the bandit there all alone. We decided to try to talk to him as he seemed like he was only working for the cult for money. After discussion, he agreed to help us infiltrate further into the mines in search of Frederick's book in exchange paying him more than the cult was. I have no intention of paying him, so we'll have to somehow get rid of him later. After waiting for the cultist to come back, the bandit, whose name was Thom, was able to distract the cultist allowing us to get a surprise attack on him, killing him before he had the chance to do anything.