#recap
We sent Gigget and Lily off to find an inn for us to stay at over night, and Audrick off to meet with Frederick, while Echo, Pomni Man, and I left to find a restaurant where we could convince them to cook the remains of the Mandrake that I harvested. After having our fill of Mandrake meat, we made our way over to find Frederick and Audrick at his home. After some discussion, we agreed to help Frederick in retrieving a book that he had somehow lost in some mines to the northeast of Montopia. Before leaving for the mines, we grouped back up with Gigget and Lily only to find out that Gigget had a stomach ache and wouldn't be able to accompany us to the mines. So as to not leave him alone, Lily stayed behind to grant first aid. With just Echo, Pomni Man, and myself, we headed towards the mines. Once inside we encountered a strange barely clothed homeless looking man who insisted on making us solve riddles. After I succesfully answered all of his riddles in the blink of an eye, we were granted passage into what appeared to be a dungeon of sorts. The first room contained two ogres, which we were able to easily sneak past into a series of hallways. After coming across two doors that appeared to be jammed shut, we decided to break down the door furthest away from the ogres. Upon breaking the door, we were greeted by a Kobold who was about to become the meal of a red wyrmling. After a tough battle, one in which I had to bring Echo back from the brink of death three times, we somehow managed to defeat the beasts. We were unable to celebrate just yet, as it seemed the ogres heard the sound of our deadly battle. After quickly retreating to the room that housed the wyrmling I was able to create stone boulder using my super special and cool bard abilities, tricking the ogres into thinking that nothing was there. What would this group do without me.