###### As told from the perspective of [[Rimeia]] 
Intro
	
[[2024-02-03 Session 1|Session 1]]
	We arrived at the Town of Wayside while helping Echo get some real world experience to aid his family, the Lasurifts, in their business (of being thieves). Upon arriving at Wayside, we stumbled upon Ben, the owner of the towns general store, and Cyndal Trueshot, a professional adventurer, arguing about what to do about their recent Chimera problem. After joining in on the conversation, we agreed to help with the chimera problem ourselves for a fee of 350 gold. Cyndal gave us a recipe for a potion called "Chimera's Bane" that would help us with getting rid of the chimera. After heading to Emberwhite Emporium, the local magic shop, we were able to get all the ingredients for the potion except for some goblin snot and muck root. To acquire those ingredients we went into the nearby forest where we encountered a group of goblins. We noticed that the goblin leader was an intelligent goblin who somehow managed to steal some of the chimera's eggs. After some peaceful negotiations with the intelligent goblin leader, we convinced them to give us their snot. As we were about to leave with our newly acquired goblin snot, Cynda Trueshot showed up and started attacking the goblins leading to an all out battle. After killing all of the goblins except for the leader, we tied him up to question him on how he came across the chimera's eggs. 
[[2024-02-17 Session 2|Session 2]]
	 The questioning with the goblin leader did not go well, he refused to give us information about the eggs, so we killed him. When we arrived back at Wayside, we talked with the owner of the Emberwhite Emporium and paid to have him brew the Chimera's Bane for us so we didn't screw it up. After that, we went to the nearby tavern where we say Cyndal once more. We talked to her and spend some time in the tavern for a couple of hours. We then went back tot he Emberwhite Emporium to see if our potion had been brewed yet. Instead of having our potion finished, it turns out he wasn't even able to start because he had some sort of rat infestation going on in his basement where he did all of his potion brewing. We decided to help him with his infestation and made our way into his basement. After speaking with some of the rats we decided the only way to get them to leave was to attack. After a very difficult battle against the Rat King (the rats were a really easy fight, there was no rat king) we went back upstairs to inform the owner of the store that the rats were taken care of. On the way up the stairs, we noticed that the raven familiar of the owner was down in the basement with us, meaning the owner was likely watching the fight from upstairs. After being told the potion was going to be ready by tomorrow morning, we made our way back to the tavern where we spent the rest of the day drinking and playing darts. 
[[2024-02-24 Session 3|Session 3]]
	We were abruptly woken up by the sounds of panic outside. After making our way outside, we were greeted with a very panicked Ben, turns out the chimera was currently setting his crops ablaze. After quickly picking up our Chimera's Bane potions, we headed out to his field to confront this chimera, but there was no chimera to be found. Instead we found Cyndal and her group hurriedly packing up a cart with Ben's crops. After confronting them we found out that there was, in fact, no chimera. It was all a lie in order for Cyndal to steal Ben's crops and resell them elsewhere to make some quick money. Also, it turns out that Ben's crops were called Heroes Wort and actually acted as some sort of drug. As the conversation went on, it almost broke out into a fight. However, before either side could strike, a roar was heard from the distance. Turns out that the fake chimera was in fact not fake. What a terrible coincidence. We had a small cease-fire with Cyndal's group so that we could take care of this chimera together. After killing the chimera, Cyndal decided that she was done with a life of crime and chose to turn herself in. 
[[2024-03-14 Session 4|Session 4]]
	After Cyndal was escorted to the city's jailhouse, one of her companions, Audrick, a mut Tiefling, got our attention and asked us to help restore their voice. In order to do that we need to head to the city of Montopia, where we will find a wizard that will be able to restore Audrick's voice. After a quick shopping session at Ben's Bargain, we set off on the road. While on the road we ran into a group of monsters that were blocking our path and we decided to fight rather than run or hide. 
[[2024-04-02 Session 5|Session 5]]
	After a terrifying confrontation with these creatures, we found out that they are monsters known as Mandrakes. While they were a tough opponent, we were able to take them out without much harm coming to us. After traveling for a few more days, we finally arrived at Montopia where we were met by a guard. After Echo told the guard that we were here to find a blacksmith, he gave us an info dump on the city, it's businesses, and it's history.
[[2024-04-07 Session 6|Session 6]]
	We sent Gigget and Lily off to find an inn for us to stay at over night, and Audrick off to meet with Frederick, while Echo, Pomni Man, and I left to find a restaurant where we could convince them to cook the remains of the Mandrake that I harvested. After having our fill of Mandrake meat, we made our way over to find Frederick and Audrick at his home. After some discussion, we agreed to help Frederick in retrieving a book that he had somehow lost in some mines to the northeast of Montopia. Before leaving for the mines, we grouped back up with Gigget and Lily only to find out that Gigget had a stomach ache and wouldn't be able to accompany us to the mines. So as to not leave him alone, Lily stayed behind to grant first aid. With just Echo, Pomni Man, and myself, we headed towards the mines. Once inside we encountered a strange barely clothed homeless looking man who insisted on making us solve riddles. After I succesfully answered all of his riddles in the blink of an eye, we were granted passage into what appeared to be a dungeon of sorts. The first room contained two ogres, which we were able to easily sneak past into a series of hallways. After coming across two doors that appeared to be jammed shut, we decided to break down the door furthest away from the ogres. Upon breaking the door, we were greeted by a Kobold who was about to become the meal of a red wyrmling. After a tough battle, one in which I had to bring Echo back from the brink of death three times, we somehow managed to defeat the beasts. We were unable to celebrate just yet, as it seemed the ogres heard the sound of our deadly battle. After quickly retreating to the room that housed the wyrmling I was able to create stone boulder using my super special and cool bard abilities, tricking the ogres into thinking that nothing was there. What would this group do without me.
[[2024-04-14 Session 7|Session 7]]
	After our resting up for a bit, we continued our way further into the mines. With Echo sneaking up and peeking into the next room, he saw a group of goblins and wolves feasting on a TON of cute and adorable little insects. Echo then snuck into the room and made his way towards the next door. Echo was able to easily spot a trap on the door, disarm it, and pick the lock super quietly. After letting the Pomni Man and I know that the way forward was open, we succesfully snuck past the goblins and wolves and made our way into the next chamber. This chamber appeared to be some sort of bedroom, there was a bed, a mirror, and a nightstand, but upon the bed was a skeleton. It looks like whoever lived here was long dead. After investigating the room, we discovered that the mirror was actually a magic mirror, with some sort of entity that was able to be spoken to. After speaking to the mirror and convincing it that we were friends of the previous tenant, we learned the location of where the book we were searching for was located. Following the instructions of the mirror, we exited towards the east where we came across a dead end. Upon further investigating the hallway, we discovered a hidden recess in the wall that housed a journal. The journal was written by the skeleton on the bed, and talked about it being impossible for others to find his hidden treasure, and that if they somehow found his mirror, they wouldn't be able to gain anything from it because of the mirrors trickery and deceit. Turns out the mirror is a big fat liar that was made to never tell the truth. After some further questioning of the mirror we were able to get information on where the treasure really was by telling it to just put 'not' before the direction. What amazing security. We then took the mirror off the wall (I don't remember why) and carried it with us back to the entrance of the cave, since we apparently took a wrong turn at the first possible choice. After succesfully sneaking past the insect room and the ogre room once again, we were safely outside. We decided to give the mirror to the riddle guy, and they became fast friends. Probably. We then set up camp to go back to exploring the mines in the morning. After entering the mines and sneaking passed the ogres for the third time, boy these guys are blind apparently, we made our way into a brand new room. In this room was one of the most disgusting and hideous creatures to ever live, a gelatinous cube. The cube was able to start consuming Pomni Man and attempting to eat Echo as well, but with some dexterous movements, he was able to avoid such an awful fate. After getting Pomni Man out of the cube we were finally able to destroy that monstrosity. The next room appeared to be a library, a dead end. After looking at the room for 1 second, I was able to realize there was a puzzle to be solved in order to open up a path to the next room. After another 2 seconds, the puzzle was solved by my quick and incredibly huge brain, granting us access further into the mines. After some more stealthy exploration we came across a room with what looked to be a bandit and a man in robes. After listening in on their conversation we discovered that the robed man was actually part of a cult that worships the god Alistair, an evil and powerful god, the god of fear. After a short while the cultist left leaving the bandit there all alone. We decided to try to talk to him as he seemed like he was only working for the cult for money. After discussion, he agreed to help us infiltrate further into the mines in search of Frederick's book in exchange paying him more than the cult was. I have no intention of paying him, so we'll have to somehow get rid of him later. After waiting for the cultist to come back, the bandit, whose name was Thom, was able to distract the cultist allowing us to get a surprise attack on him, killing him before he had the chance to do anything.
[[2024-04-28 Session 8|Session 8]]
	After absolutely destroying the cultist with our new friend Thom, we came up with a plan to lure a few other cultists over to where we were so we could jump them, kill them, and steal their cultist robes. That way we can just walk right into the hideout without drawing suspicion towards ourselves. In order to cover all of us, we needed to get 3 more cultists robes. After having Echo put on the robes of the priest that we had previously killed, he was able to convince a few acolytes to follow him for some important business. As the cultists were lured into the room, we were able to thoroughly surprise them and easily took out all three of them. With our new disguises, we made our way to the front door of the cultist hideout just down the hall. Luckily, even though recently slaughtered cultists made quite a lot of noise, none of the other cultists seemed to have noticed and let us in without question. While we explored the hideout in search of the book for Frederick, we stumbled upon a priest that killed an acolyte right in front of us for trying to turn their back on the cult, a room called the "room of horrors" that we were unable to go into, and finally a room full of cult members seemingly in the middle of prayer. After a couple of seconds one of the cultists did something to one of the doors to make it unopenable anymore, and then all of the cult members fled. After going through an alternate path we were able to get into the locked room. As we approached the room, we noticed what appeared to be the remnants of a rampaging monster, torn off doors and scratch marks were all over the place. Because of this, we sent Echo in by himself to try to sneak his way into the treasure trove that the cultists were hiding. Echo was able to get to the door, but upon turning around to notify everyone else that the path was clear, he noticed a black, gooey, disgusting monster I a calling a "Growth". Echo remained unseen and quickly picked the lock into the treasure room where he was able to safely secure the book. However, on his way out, he made a bit too much noise and alerted the monster of his presence, initiating combat. During the combat, Pomni Man was badly hurt and Echo almost died (literally went from 1 hp to -20, his total hp being 21, 1 hp away from full death), but we were able to kill the Growth. Perhaps the Growth was some sort of experiment gone wrong that the cultists were conducting? Or perhaps it was sent by the cultists evil god? Either way, we were finally able to rest, grab some more treasure, and make our way to reunite with our party members Gigget and Lily. Even though we were planning on turning on Thom and not paying him, it worked out for all of us as we were able to just split the reward we got from the cultists treasure.

