the bandits leave a note behind that is in a type of code that we do not understand

Echo takes a moment to look at it in case he can understand it he can't


The note says:
Vygp fvi numqwcgd cdpmp mv-gwrrpn "dpkvpm", bppc bp wc cdp gikkpyc gvrvmmpib (cspycf burpm pwmc wyn vyp yvkcd). Cdpkp wkp cdukcf bvyom wc cdum rvgwcuvy. U surr cwop wm bwyf wm U gwy sucd dwmcp. U wb pygvnuyh cdum bpmmwhp imuyh cdp qdkwmp vy fvik gvuy. Mcwf wrujp wyn npmckvf cdum wm mvvy wm fvi kpwn uc. Ua fvi wkp yvc wzrp cv bwop uc zwgo cv cdp gvrvmmpib, kpbpbzpk fvik gfwyunp qurr. rvyh rujp cdp auhdc!
Gvbbwynpk Eiruwy


translated it says:

Once you dispatch these so-called "heroes"
meet me at the current colosseum (twenty miles 
east and one north). There are thirty monks at
this location. I will take as many as I can with
haste. I am encoding this message using the phrase
on your coin. Stay alive and destroy this as soon
as you read it. If you are not able to make it back
to the colosseum remember your cyanide (assassin's blood) pill. long
live the fight!

Commander Julian

a = f
b = m
c = t
d = h
e = j
f = y
g = c
h = g
i = u
j
k = r
l
m = s
n = d
o = k
p = e
q = p
r = l
s = w
t
u = i
v = o
w = a
x
y = n
z = b

Pomni man recognizes the name Commander Julian, he is the one that captured / enslaved him

Oric takes the pills that are around the neck of the bandits

captain Surino is another member of the bandits

at least 50 at the colosseum

they take from the monastery because their documentation isn't as good

pomni tells us his tale as much as he can remember:
	it was hell on earth
	over 100 captured given one directive: fight
	they had to kill eachother to survive
	pomni killed many in order to live


the guards finally get there and they are total jackasses ...

we get taken to the station for questioning I guess, god what an idiot their leader was

we spend the night in a cell and get told to just go home, did not have good room service

the other bandits were also once slaves, they reach the top and take over and now they perpetuate the cycle