###### As told from the perspective of [[Rimeia]] 
Intro
	
[[2.3.24 Session 1|Session 1]]
	We arrived at the [[Town of Wayside]] while helping [[Echo Lasurift|Echo]] get some real world experience to aid his family, the [[Lasurifts]], in their business (of being thieves). Upon arriving to Wayside, we stumbled upon [[Ben]], the owner of the towns general store, and [[Cyndal Trueshot|Cyndal]] Trueshot, a professional adventurer, arguing about what to do about their recent Chimera problem. After joining in on the conversation, we agreed to help with the chimera problem ourselves for a fee of 350 gold. [[Cyndal Trueshot|Cyndal]] gave us a recipe for a potion called "Chimera's Bane" that would help us with getting rid of the chimera. After heading to Emberwhite Emporium, the local magic shop, we were able to get all the ingredients for the potion except for some goblin snot and muck root. To acquire those ingredients we went into the nearby forest where we encountered a group of goblins. We noticed that the goblin leader was an intelligent goblin who somehow managed to steal some of the chimera's eggs. After some peaceful negotiations with the intelligent goblin leader, we convinced them to give us their snot. As we were about to leave with our newly acquired goblin snot, [[Cyndal Trueshot|Cyndal]] Trueshot showed up and started attacking the goblins leading to an all out battle. After killing all of the goblins except for the leader, we tied him up to question him on how he came across the chimera's eggs. 
[[2.17.24 Session 2|Session 2]]
	 The questioning with the goblin leader did not go well, he refused to give us information about the eggs so we killed him. When we arrived back at Wayside we talked with the [[owner of the Emberwhite Emporium]] and paid to have him brew the Chimera's Bane for us so we didn't screw it up. After that, we went to the nearby tavern where we saw [[Cyndal Trueshot|Cyndal]] once more. We talked to her and spent some time in the tavern for a couple of hours. We then went back to the Emberwhite Emporium to see if our potion was finished being brewed. Instead of having our potion finished, it turns out he wasn't even able to start because he had some sort of rat infestation going on in his basement where he did all his potion brewing. We decided to help him with his infestation and made our way into his basement. After speaking with some of the rats we decided the only way to get them to leave was to attack. After a very difficult battle against the Rat King (the rats were a really easy fight, there was no rat king) we went back upstairs to inform the owner of the store that the rats were taken care of. On the way up the stairs, we were able to notice that the raven familiar of the owner was down in the basement with us, meaning the owner was likely watching the fight from upstairs. After being told the potion was going to be ready by tomorrow morning, we made our way back to the tavern where we spent the rest of the day drinking and playing darts. 
[[2.24.24 Session 3|Session 3]]
	We woke were abruptly woken up to the sounds of panic outside. After making our way outside, we were greeted with a very panicked [[Ben]], turns out the chimera was currently setting his crops ablaze. After quickly picking up our Chimera's Bane potions, we headed out to his field to confront this chimera, but there was no chimera to be found. Instead we found [[Cyndal Trueshot|Cyndal]] and her group hurriedly packing up a cart with [[Ben]]'s crops. After confronting them we found out that there was, in fact, no chimera. It was all a lie in order for [[Cyndal Trueshot|Cyndal]] to steal [[Ben]]'s crops and resell them elsewhere to make some quick money. Also turns out that [[Ben]]'s crops were called Heroes Wart and actually acted as some sort of drug. As the conversation went on, it almost broke out into a fight. However, before either side could strike first a roar was heard in the distance. Turns out that the fake chimera that [[Cyndal Trueshot|Cyndal]] had created to buy herself time to steal some crops is, coincidentally, real. We had a small cease fire with [[Cyndal Trueshot|Cyndal]]'s group so that we could take care of this chimera together. After killing the chimera [[Cyndal Trueshot|Cyndal]] decided that she was done with a life of crime and chose to turn herself in. 
[[3.14.24 Session 4|Session 4]]
	After [[Cyndal Trueshot|Cyndal]] was escorted to the city's jailhouse, one of her companions, [[Audrick]], a mute Tiefling, got our attention and asked us to help restore their voice. In order to do that we need to head to the city of [[Montopia]], where we will find a wizard that will be able to heal [[Audrick]]. After a quick shopping session at [[Ben]]'s Bargain, we set off on the road. While on the road we ran into a group of monsters that were blocking our path and we decided to fight rather than run or hide. 
[[4.2.24 Session 5|Session 5]]
	After a terrifying confrontation with these creatures, we found out that they are what are known as [[Mandrakes]]. While they were a tough opponent, we were able to take them out without much harm coming to us. After traveling for a few more days, we finally arrived at the [[Montopia]] where we were met by a guard. After [[Echo Lasurift|Echo]] told the guard that we were here to find a blacksmith he gave us an info dump on the city, it's businesses, and it's history.
[[4.7.24 Session 6|Session 6]]
	We sent [[Gigget]] and [[Lily]] off to find an inn for us to stay at over night, and [[Audrick]] off to meat Frederick, while [[Echo Lasurift|Echo]], [[Pomni Man]], and I left to find a restaurant where we could convince them to cook the remains of the [[Mandrakes|Mandrake]] that I harvested. After having our fill of [[Mandrakes|Mandrake]] meat, we made our way over to find Frederick and [[Audrick]] at his home. After some discussion we agreed to help Frederick in retrieving a book that he had somehow lost in some mines to the northeast of [[Montopia]]. Before leaving for the mines, we grouped back up with [[Gigget]] and [[Lily]] only to find that [[Gigget]] had a stomach ache and wouldn't be able to accompany us to the mines. So as to not leave him alone, [[Lily]] stayed behind to grant first aid. With just [[Echo Lasurift|Echo]], [[Pomni Man]], and myself, we headed towards the mines. Once inside we encountered a strange barely clothed homeless looking man who insisted on making us solve riddles. After successfully answering all of his riddles, we were granted passage into what appeared to be a dungeon of sorts. The first room contained two ogres, which we were capable of easily sneaking past into a series of hallways. After coming across two doors that appeared to be jammed shut, we decided to break down the door furthest away from the ogres. Upon breaking the door, we were greeted by a Kobold who was about to become the meal of a red wyrmling. After a tough battle, one in which I had to bring [[Echo Lasurift|Echo]] back from the brink of death three times, we somehow managed to defeat the beast and his meal. We were unable to celebrate just yet, as it seemed the ogres heard the sound of our deadly battle. After quickly retreating to the room that housed the wyrmling and using magic to make it appear as if the door was, instead, just a wall we were able to trick the ogres and take a short rest.